What's with all those footsteps?
What the fuck are you doing here? Get out!
Dreaming of cheese... wait, this isn't the right universe.
Wandering around here is dangerous! You should've stayed in your dorm.
bruh
As above, so below.
Running towards the Killer with a knife is a ballsy move... I'd commend you if you did that.
There's nothing wrong with accepting your fate. Embrace it.
·−·· · − ·−−−−· ··· / −−· −−− / −··· −−− ·−− ·−·· ·· −· −−· −−··−− / −· ·· −·− −−− −·−·−−
There's a random fucking cat on my doorstep, what the hell?
Don't break the fourth wall this time, keep the audience entertained.
What if we just... not... do that?
Shut the hell up you goddamn idiot.
Don't tell Jack that there was a missing Sledgehammer in the Library. They'd murder me.
Use that furnace in the janitor's closet! No one bloody uses it!
Wrap the condom around the battery to mask the blood, it'll work.
Turning off your computer in the middle of a fight is the best way to piss off someone.
No ERPing in the halls.
There's TWO of 'em? Whadda mean there's two people that have similarly sounding names?
Did I ever tell you of that time that me and Keith decided to ride in some bumper cars?
That apple is planning something... I know it is...
Is that a noseless cat? ...Why does it have a katana?
The 19th hour is upon us. Is this what they refer to as a significant moment?
Patrick Yoseuf can narrate anything and make it sound like ASMR.
Huh? Whadda mean there's a fellow with a wooden stool terrorizing the populace?
Ah, the Mister fellow? They've an eye for quality. No wonder why they're the best on the force.
There's a mummy and a clown down there. They're honkin' at each other like geese... What?
KNOCK KNOCK OPEN UP THE DOOR IT'S REAL KNOKNOKNOKNOKNOKNOCK KNOCK OPEN UP THE DOOR IT'S REAL
Just throw balls at the Pokemon until it's captured. That's the best way to get PETA on your ass.
Running around at the speed of sound until you get caught by an idiot with a sledgehammer.
HAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRS
We've got a mission to fulfill! Come on, we ain't got time to rest!
Reflect on what you've just did. Was that such a good idea?
In this army, we require excellence at all times.
Two sides of the same coin, but how does one know which side is up?
What hides inside the musical device? Is it merely a trap to display one's vice?
A lock and key can never be bound, for one shall never be found!
Searching from far and wide, oen can never be sure to find a secret that hides.
A world lurks underneath the glass, one that no one has wanted to ask.
A door lies in wait, but should you open it so late?
Scattered amongst the shelves are layers of books, wearing away from use whilst others refuse to be looked.
Spying throug the clouds above, leads to a realm where one can find their beloved.
Departing on an adventure with no return, you can't merely return away and be reborn.
POV: 19
Wyatt Fryer will forever live on, living for nine rounds in Room #13 in Condos.
'Sup. HOLY SHIT